[Docs][SSH] Update SSH Infra Prereqs (#6007)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/reservations/existing-machines.rst

* Debian-based OS (tested on Debian 11)
* SSH access from SkyPilot API server host to all remote machines

> * All nodes within a SSH Node Pool must have access to port 6443 to its peers (e.g., same VPC). Port 6443 doesn't have to be open to machines outside of the network

Reviewer: Split to sub-bullet
```suggestion
* All nodes within a SSH Node Pool must have access to port 6443 to its peers (e.g., same VPC). 
  * Port 6443 doesn't have to be open to machines outside of the network
```

>   * Port 6443 doesn't have to be open to machines outside of the network

Reviewer 2: Not sure if the leading space is intentional, if not please remove the space before merging

> * Nodes should not be part of an existing Kubernetes (or k3s) cluster (use Kubernetes infra for SkyPilot instead)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Nodes should not be part of an existing Kubernetes cluster (use [Kubernetes support](<Link to Kubernetes Getting Started page>) instead)
```
